(Form letter to Mills descendants asking for help.)

I am doing historical research in the town of Caroline NY related to Jonas Davis Mills of Smithtown NY (May 2, 1795 - Jan 30, 1882), and as I believe you may be one of his descendants, I would like to make you aware of the research I am doing that you may find relevant, and to ask for your help to learn more about these interesting people.

My particular interest is in the family of one of Jonas' children from his first marriage to Mary Hallock, Edward H. Mills (Mar 25, 1819 - Jan 1, 1908), who is a former owner of my current home, and my interest began with a desire to learn more about the history of my property and community. I quicly became particularly intrigued by Edward's daughter Emily, who lived in my home for over half a century, longer than anyone else by decades. 

The more I learned about them, the more my interest grew, and became a research project detailed at memills.com. I am not only attempting to document the big events in their lives, but I am seeking to understand them more deeply, exploring their interests, their friends and neighbors, and generally, how they lived.

I am seeking out and documenting every source of information I discover so that others can retrace my steps and continue this research further themselves. I have access to local resources, including handwritten diaries and church records that are innaccessible remotely and which were not publically viewable until I transcribed them. Essentiallly, the website details everything I am learning and I am still consistently updating it.

If you are willing, could you look through your family's historical records for any information related to these Mills, and also reach out to any other family members who might also have relevant information? I appreciate anything you are willing to provide, but in particular, I am interested in photographs of the family, as none are currently known to exist. (And if I know what they look like, I can obviously search the many photographs of unidentified people from that time that exist locally, for more photographs.) I would also appreciate correspondence, as I 

If I am correct, then your relation to Jonas Mills is ... [insert this person's direct lineage back to Jonas]
